AutoCount CloudAccounting
Browser‑based AutoCount CloudAccounting with e‑Invoice, AI SmartScan, bank connection, and anytime access.
URL: https://ksleow.com.my/products/autocount-cloud-accounting/
Category: Product
officialProductUrl: https://www.autocountsoft.com/pro-cloud-acc.html
officialApiUrl: https://accounting-api.autocountcloud.com/documentation/
officialReleaseNote: https://help.accounting.autocountcloud.com/support/discussions/forums/69000107078
pricing: Lite: Monthly RM70, 12 months RM294, 24 months RM420; Basic: Monthly RM100, 12 months RM420, 24 months RM600; Plus: Monthly RM140, 12 months RM588, 24 months RM840; Pro: Monthly RM180, 12 months RM756, 24 months RM1080; Accountant: Monthly RM10, 12 months RM120, 24 months RM240
latestRelease: {"version":"1.1.81","rev":"Release 81","date":"2026-07-07","features":["Added AUD System Currency selection to Singapore Account Book.","Support importing Bank Statement PDF and update CSV File at Bank Transactions.","Added an e-Invoice option to handle future transactions by submitting e-Invoices using today's date.","Enhanced Invoice and Credit Note to check and block saving if the local amount exceeded RM10,000 for e-Invoice companies.","Improved the e-Invoice status column in Invoice and Credit Note.","[SG] Enhanced the InvoiceNow Aggregated Transaction function to handle Cash Book entries.","Enhanced the system to automatically untick \"Submit e-Invoice\" when changing the document date to a date before the e-Invoice Start Date.","Supported the Payment Method Listing API.","Supported Invoice Outstanding Amount in the GET Invoice and GET Invoice Listing APIs.","Optimized Stock Card loading performance."],"fixes":["Fixed SST Rental to include taxable amount into Box 10.","Fixed Preview and Print report that did not display font and background color for Rich Text correctly.","Fixed multiline address handling that caused e-Invoice submissions to become invalid.","Fixed ArgumentOutOfRangeException error when creating a new Consolidated e-Invoice.","Fixed an issue in Sales documents where keying in an item with variants overwrote the previous detail line.","Fixed Copy from Cash Book Entry in Self Billed documents incorrectly setting the prepayment amount."],"highlights":["We valued your feedback and here are some of the updates from v1.1.81!","1. Added AUD System Currency selection to Singapore Account Book.","Other than SGD, USD, and JPY, you can now also select Australian Dollar (AUD) as the system currency for your Singapore Account Book.","2. Support importing Bank Statement PDF and update CSV File at Bank Transactions.","Now you can directly upload Bank Statements in PDF format, including those from CIMB, BSN, RHB and Public Bank. We've also simplified CSV imports by renaming the \"Others\" option to \"CSV File\" and consolidating the previous \"CIMB Bank CSV File\" and \"Public Bank CSV File\" options into a single import option. In addition, the enhanced CSV import now supports Reference 2–5 columns and multiple bank CSV formats, including CIMB and both the old and new Public Bank CSV file formats.","3. Added an e-Invoice option to handle future transactions by submitting e-Invoices using today's date.","With this option enabled, if a document is dated in the future, the system will automatically use the current date and time as the e-Invoice issue date and time when submitting for e-Invoice.","4. Enhanced Invoice and Credit Note to check and block saving if the local amount exceeded RM10,000 for e-Invoice companies."],"sourceUrl":"https://autocount.freshdesk.com/support/discussions/topics/69000713365"}
Four advantages
LHDN e-Invoice Ready.
Anytime, anywhere, any device.
Capture, upload and extract data with AI SmartScan.
Bank Connection for faster reconciliation.
Training
Learn AutoCount CloudAccounting in Just 30 Minutes with the official tutorial video.
Latest release note summary
1.1.81 Release 81 Date: 2026-07-07 Features: Added AUD System Currency selection to Singapore Account Book.; Support importing Bank Statement PDF and update CSV File at Bank Transactions.; Added an e-Invoice option to handle future transactions by submitting e-Invoices using today's date.; Enhanced Invoice and Credit Note to check and block saving if the local amount exceeded RM10,000 for e-Invoice companies.; Improved the e-Invoice status column in Invoice and Credit Note.; [SG] Enhanced the InvoiceNow Aggregated Transaction function to handle Cash Book entries.; Enhanced the system to automatically untick "Submit e-Invoice" when changing the document date to a date before the e-Invoice Start Date.; Supported the Payment Method Listing API.; Supported Invoice Outstanding Amount in the GET Invoice and GET Invoice Listing APIs.; Optimized Stock Card loading performance. Fixes: Fixed SST Rental to include taxable amount into Box 10.; Fixed Preview and Print report that did not display font and background color for Rich Text correctly.; Fixed multiline address handling that caused e-Invoice submissions to become invalid.; Fixed ArgumentOutOfRangeException error when creating a new Consolidated e-Invoice.; Fixed an issue in Sales documents where keying in an item with variants overwrote the previous detail line.; Fixed Copy from Cash Book Entry in Self Billed documents incorrectly setting the prepayment amount. Highlights: We valued your feedback and here are some of the updates from v1.1.81!; 1. Added AUD System Currency selection to Singapore Account Book.; Other than SGD, USD, and JPY, you can now also select Australian Dollar (AUD) as the system currency for your Singapore Account Book.; 2. Support importing Bank Statement PDF and update CSV File at Bank Transactions.; Now you can directly upload Bank Statements in PDF format, including those from CIMB, BSN, RHB and Public Bank. We've also simplified CSV imports by renaming the "Others" option to "CSV File" and consolidating the previous "CIMB Bank CSV File" and "Public Bank CSV File" options into a single import option. In addition, the enhanced CSV import now supports Reference 2–5 columns and multiple bank CSV formats, including CIMB and both the old and new Public Bank CSV file formats.; 3. Added an e-Invoice option to handle future transactions by submitting e-Invoices using today's date.; With this option enabled, if a document is dated in the future, the system will automatically use the current date and time as the e-Invoice issue date and time when submitting for e-Invoice.; 4. Enhanced Invoice and Credit Note to check and block saving if the local amount exceeded RM10,000 for e-Invoice companies. Source: https://autocount.freshdesk.com/support/discussions/topics/69000713365
